Updated DM Config for Profile support (#114)
NearNodeFlash/NearNodeFlash.github.io: docs/guides/data-movement/readme.md

### Profiles

Profiles can be specified in the in the `nnf-dm-config` config map. Users are able to select a
profile using #DW directives (e.g .`copy_in profile=my-dm-profile`) and the Copy Offload API. If no
profile is specified, the `default` profile is used. This default profile must exist in the config
map.

`slots`, `maxSlots`, and `command` can be stored in Data Movement profiles. These profiles are

> available for a quick way to switch between different settings for a particular workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available to quickly switch between different settings for a particular workflow.
```
